README.md, before:

Setup Cordova / PhoneGap:
--------------------------

This configuration is done on a Mac OS device.

- Install Cordova / PhoneGap as explained on http://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/3.5.0/guide_cli_index.md.html#The%20Command-Line%20Interface
- Install ios-sim so that you can run the iOS application from Command line without XCode: https://github.com/phonegap/ios-sim
- Install and configure Android SDK
- Add iOS and Android as a platform 

Tech - cordova:
---------------

Test app to make sure that Cordova has been setup properly and that it works with iOS and Android.

Tech - cordova_typescript:
--------------------------

Proof of concept (POC) investigation, proof testing etc using TypeScript with PhoneGap.
The TypedPhoneGap API doesn't work with the latest version of Cordova 3.5.0-0.2.4 so i got it right to use TypeScript with Cordova without any additional libraries.

Tech - typescript_webstorm:
----------------------------

Check how TypeScript code generation works in the WebStorm IDE and how TypeScript can call external JavaScript functions, libraries etc.

Tech - facebookjs:
------------------

Proof of concept (POC) investigation using Facebook's JavaScript API with
Cordova without using any native plugins on the desire platform. Work successfully on iOS, Android and FireFox OS.

Social Networks:
-----------------

Google+
-------

https://developers.google.com/+/web/api/javascript
https://developers.google.com/+/web/signin/javascript-flow
http://www.w3resource.com/API/google-plus/tutorial.php

LinkedIn
---------

http://developer.linkedin.com/javascript
https://developer.linkedin.com/documents/tutorials

Instagram
----------

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21905541/how-to-make-post-to-instagram-api-with-javascript
https://github.com/Instagram/instagram-javascript-sdk/blob/master/README.md
http://instafeedjs.com

DuckDuckGo
----------

Settings page only

https://duckduckgo.com/settings

Foursquare
----------

https://code.google.com/p/foursquare-js-api/

Full JavaScript API available.

Tumblr
-------

http://www.tumblr.com/docs/en/api/v2
https://github.com/tumblr/tumblr.js

Full JavaScript API available.

YouTube
-------

https://developers.google.com/youtube/

Full JavaScript API available.

References:
------------
   http://typescriptlang.org
   https://github.com/intellifactory/TypedPhoneGap

Commit message:

Add licensing information to proof of concept

README.md, after:

Setup Cordova / PhoneGap:
--------------------------

This configuration is done on a Mac OS device.

- Install Cordova / PhoneGap as explained on http://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/3.5.0/guide_cli_index.md.html#The%20Command-Line%20Interface
- Install ios-sim so that you can run the iOS application from Command line without XCode: https://github.com/phonegap/ios-sim
- Install and configure Android SDK
- Add iOS and Android as a platform 

Tech - cordova:
---------------

Test app to make sure that Cordova has been setup properly and that it works with iOS and Android.

Tech - cordova_typescript:
--------------------------

Proof of concept (POC) investigation, proof testing etc using TypeScript with PhoneGap.
The TypedPhoneGap API doesn't work with the latest version of Cordova 3.5.0-0.2.4 so i got it right to use TypeScript with Cordova without any additional libraries.

Tech - typescript_webstorm:
----------------------------

Check how TypeScript code generation works in the WebStorm IDE and how TypeScript can call external JavaScript functions, libraries etc.

Tech - facebookjs:
------------------

Proof of concept (POC) investigation using Facebook's JavaScript API with
Cordova without using any native plugins on the desire platform. Work successfully on iOS, Android and FireFox OS.

Licensing:
--------
The code and files provided by citizenme in this Git repository is provided under the Apache License, Version 2.0.

famo.us is licensed under the Mozilla Public License, Version 2.0.

jquery mobile is licensed under the MIT license.

Apache Cordova is licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.

The Ionic Framework is licensed under the MIT license.

Social Networks:
-----------------

Google+
-------

https://developers.google.com/+/web/api/javascript
https://developers.google.com/+/web/signin/javascript-flow
http://www.w3resource.com/API/google-plus/tutorial.php

LinkedIn
---------

http://developer.linkedin.com/javascript
https://developer.linkedin.com/documents/tutorials

Instagram
----------

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/21905541/how-to-make-post-to-instagram-api-with-javascript
https://github.com/Instagram/instagram-javascript-sdk/blob/master/README.md
http://instafeedjs.com

DuckDuckGo
----------

Settings page only

https://duckduckgo.com/settings

Foursquare
----------

https://code.google.com/p/foursquare-js-api/

Full JavaScript API available.

Tumblr
-------

http://www.tumblr.com/docs/en/api/v2
https://github.com/tumblr/tumblr.js

Full JavaScript API available.

YouTube
-------

https://developers.google.com/youtube/

Full JavaScript API available.

References:
------------
   http://typescriptlang.org
   https://github.com/intellifactory/TypedPhoneGap
